feature/cambiosInstoreGenerales (#976)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/introduction.en.md

>
> Note
>

> > If your model does not require integration with a point of sale system, you can consult all the information available in [generate QR from the Mercado Pago web page](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/integrations-front/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your model does not require integration with a point of sale system, you can consult all the information available in [generate QR from the Mercado Pago panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/integrations-front).
```
